Hello guys in the next three lessons you're going to learn the basics about internationalization of
Wordpress themes.
Generally in small projects we should only be used by a single client who don't want their page to be
viewed in several languages.
I don't worry about internationalization But this thing is essentially important.
If you as a developer want to make your thing available for download or if you have a client who makes
his or her site should be translated into other languages it is your task as a developer to at least
make the thing translatable.
That's what I'm going to be teaching you in the next lessons.
Let's learn how to make the theme translatable and easily generated files that will serve as the basis
for translators.
But before we start I wanted to explain a little bit about how the translation flow works on the Wordpress
theme.
First that first translation should be possible.
We first have to use some specific functions.
These functions need to be used every time you have some text in the thing that can be possibly translated
into another language.
For example we have the term surge inside our search box in the Brazilian side.
For example this term will have to be displayed as this Keizer not search.
But for now it's impossible for us to translate this term.
Because if you look at the source code it is hard coded.
For example let's open up the search form that page be file and you can see it here as it is now.
It's impossible to trigger some translation for the store.
The same thing goes for the files.
For example the customized page peafowl there are several strings here that cannot be translated.
At least the way they are at the moment they will remain intact in the language in which they were reading.
In this case they will remain in English.
So this will have to rely on a group of functions which as a whole are known as yet text functions.
There are several functions but in the next lessons I will focus on the two most used in wordpress themes.
OK.
So second step once each term is properly wrapped with the gettext functions you can create a file that
will have to be O.T. extension which stands for portable object template.
This file will contain a list of all translatable strings but we won't have any translation here.
As the name suggests the Briotti file is just a template.
Typically this file sensu translators and from it the translators generate two files one with the Piola
extension and another one with the M O extension.
These two files contain all the translations.
The difference between them is that the file contains text that can be easily read by humans.
On the other hand the emal contains machine code and can only be read by web servers.
My explanation in this license will be limited to the creation of the beautiful and the reason for that
is very simple.
The developer doesn't have to translate the theme itself.
This task is up to the client or to the translators that he or she may hire for your own film collaborators.
If you should have a team many themes and plugins especially the best known ones have the help of several
collaborators worldwide.
As I said this translation task is not yours.
At least that's my opinion but it's your duty to make the film translatable ready to be translated by
others again well in this lesson.
I just wanted to explain this to you.
But in the next lesson you're going to start with the first step that I explained in today's lesson.
That is let's understand which are the to get tax functions I mentioned today and you go ahead and find
this strange snarfing that can be transformed into translatable terms.
So until then peace out guys.